If you are experiencing fatigue,
discomfort or pain,
this can be an early warning sign of excessive physical stress on muscles,
tendons,
joints
or nerves.
Pay attention to signs and symptoms
of soft tissue pain and discomfort.
It is smart to seek advice early.
And follow your company’s injury reporting policy.
You can use the Safety In Motion System to make some small practical changes
that reduce the stress on your body.
Start by thinking about a Smart Setup.
Where can you use tools and equipment to make the task easier?
Then make some small changes in your physical technique
that improve your leverage,
your strength,
and your balance.
And, finally, don’t forget to take a few minutes
to re-energize throughout the day.